Include instructions panel for workshops (#114)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/web-basics/hosting/create_repository.md

---
title: "Create a Github Repository"
date: 2019-09-03T17:53:41-07:00
draft: false
weight: 15
---

{{% panel theme="primary" header="Instructions"%}}

Now, you will need to create a new repository to store the contents of your site! Think of a repository as a giant folder that can store lots of other files and folders for a given project. You can create one by selecting 'Start a Project' or 'Create a new repository'. Two very important things to keep in mind:

> 1. Name your repo <b>without any spaces</b>. But you can use dashes or capitalization to replicate spaces!
> 2. <b>Check the box 'Initialize this repository with a README'</b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Name your repo **without any spaces**. But you can use dashes or capitalization to replicate spaces!
2. **Check the box 'Initialize this repository with a README**

```

Author: same as abovve
